ENH: add normalize keyword to equals_exact() to normalize input geometries (#1231)
shapely/shapely: docs/manual.rst

  >>> b == c
  False

> .. method:: object.equals_exact(other, tolerance=0.0, normalize=False)

Reviewer: I think that no additions to `manual.rst` are required since the docs will be generated from the docstrings of `shapely/predicates.py`

>     Returns True if the geometries are structurally equal within a given

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Returns True if the geometries are structurally equivalent within a given
```

    tolerance.

    This method uses exact coordinate equality, which requires coordinates
    to be equal (within specified tolerance) and in the same order for

>     all components of a geometry. This is in contrast with the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    all components (vertices, rings, or parts) of a geometry. This is in contrast with the
```

>     :meth:`~object.equals` function which uses spatial (topological) equality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :meth:`~object.equals` function which uses spatial (topological) equality and does not require all components to be in the same order.
```

>     For two given geometries, it is thus possible for :meth:`~object.equals` to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Because of this, it is thus possible for :meth:`~object.equals` to
```

  >>> b == c
  False

.. method:: object.equals_exact(other, tolerance=0.0, normalize=False)

    Returns True if the geometries are structurally equivalent within a given
    tolerance.

    This method uses exact coordinate equality, which requires coordinates
    to be equal (within specified tolerance) and in the same order for
    all components (vertices, rings, or parts) of a geometry. This is in
    contrast with the :meth:`~object.equals` function which uses spatial
    (topological) equality and does not require all components to be in the
    same order.

>     Because of this, it is thus possible for :meth:`~object.equals` to be True

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Because of this, it is possible for :meth:`~object.equals` to be ``True``
```

Sorry I didn't catch this sooner, but inline code like True needs to have double-backticks in RST.  This isn't consistent throughout Shapely yet, but it looks like these should be double-backticks in the docstrings as well since they get pulled into the docs (or will in the future, for this one).

Also, this can be part of the prior paragraph ("This method uses...") instead of a new paragraph.

    while :meth:`~object.equals_exact` is False.

>     The order of the coordinates can be normalized (by setting the

Reviewer 2: Please add new line separating paragraphs

>     The order of the coordinates can be normalized (by setting the `normalize`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The order of the coordinates can be normalized (by setting the ``normalize``
```

Author: If shapely follows numpy doc recommendations (which I think it is supposed to), then function arguments should be referenced with a single `

Reviewer 2: @jorisvandenbossche - perhaps you can answer this one?

Reviewer 2: Either way, I still wanted review from @jorisvandenbossche before this gets merged.  Sorry for the delay in proceeding with this.

Reviewer: @brendan-ward maybe someone else could approve this ? It's a bit sad that this PR stalls for a such a minor issue ...

>     keyword to True) so that this function will return `True` when geometries

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    keyword to ``True``) so that this function will return ``True`` when geometries
```

    are structurally equivalent but differ only in the ordering of vertices.

>     However, this function will still return False if the order of interior

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    However, this function will still return ``False`` if the order of interior
```
